we went to the RO islands in Indonesia
to photograph the greater bird of
paradise it did take several hours by
boat up a channel and then hiking in
through the forest to get to the
location and of course the whole time I
was thinking what is this location gonna
be like is it going to be possible to
get good pictures are we gonna have a
good view many birds of paradise display
on the ground or near the ground in the
lower part of the forest and those are
of course a little bit easier to
photograph and film the greater bird of
paradise displays up in the treetops and
when we got to the site it was
immediately apparent that it was not
going to have a good enough view from
the ground to shoot from the ground and
I knew I was going to have to cut open
the tree makes him have a platform and a
blind up in a tree in order to be able
to photograph the birds
alright we got the rope over
for Tim having the ability to be an
expert tree climber and taking his
six-foot-seven frame up into a tree and
sitting in the cramped blind and waiting
for seven or eight hours for the bird to
show up and get the images there are
very few people on the planet who
probably can do that a good example of
that is the work that we did great a
birds of paradise
all right they're not here's the lek
right here see these branches right here
this is the main display perch and the
second a perch there and there's my
blind over there I've been shooting from
and right here is my leaf camera and now
we had two ropes up two different trees
and the first thing Tim had to do was
climb the tree in the dark get the
camera set up climb back down go over to
the other tree climb that tree get in
set up his big camera set up the laptop
plug everything in and basically pray
that it was all gonna work because there
wasn't any more opportunity to climb
back down and fix it if it didn't work
because the Sun was coming up and the
birds were coming ever since the
beginning of the birther eyes project
I've been to dreaming of a shot where I
could see a bird in the foreground and
be looking out over the rainforest in
the background and I and I saw the shot
down loaded my laptop and I said look
that's it I just I knew I had it that
was a real real upsetting moment where I
had said that sense of success after all
these years of sort of dreaming about a
shot like that